gui/DI_button.gui = DI_button
gui/DI_main.gui = DI_main_window
gui/DI_char_editor.gui = DI_char_editor_window
gui/DI_pinned_characters.gui = DI_pinned_characters_window
gui/DI_misc.gui = DI_char_editor_skill_window
gui/DI_perk_point.gui = DI_char_editor_perk_point_window
gui/DI_misc.gui = DI_artifact_char_select_list
gui/DI_misc.gui = DI_innovation_char_select_list
gui/DI_misc.gui = DI_innovation_char_select_list_copy
gui/DI_trait.gui = DI_trait_window
gui/DI_sexuality.gui = DI_sexuality_window
gui/DI_culture.gui = DI_culture_window
gui/DI_religion.gui = DI_religion_window
gui/DI_modifiers.gui = DI_modifiers_window
gui/DI_char_spawner.gui = DI_char_spawner_window
gui/DI_army_spawner.gui = DI_army_spawner_window
gui/DI_artifact_creator.gui = DI_artifact_window
gui/DI_artifact_creator.gui = DI_artifact_list_window
gui/DI_cultural_editor.gui = DI_cultural_editor_window
gui/DI_faith_editor.gui = DI_faith_editor_window
gui/DI_faith_editor.gui = DI_select_tenet_window
gui/DI_faith_editor.gui = DI_faith_editor_loader
gui/DI_tradition_editor.gui = DI_tradition_editor_window
gui/DI_event_manager.gui = DI_event_manager_window
gui/DI_diplomacy.gui = DI_diplomacy_manager_window
gui/DI_diplomacy.gui = DI_character_select_window
gui/DI_diplomacy.gui = DI_dip_CB_window
gui/DI_title_manager.gui = DI_title_manager_window
gui/DI_title_manager.gui = DI_TM_religion_window
gui/DI_title_manager.gui = DI_TM_dejure_window
gui/DI_title_manager.gui = DI_TM_holding_type_window
gui/DI_culture_pillar.gui = DI_martial_custom_window
gui/DI_culture_pillar.gui = DI_ethos_window
gui/DI_culture_pillar.gui = DI_heritage_window
gui/DI_culture_pillar.gui = DI_language_window